Question 1:
-To guarantee that only 3 elves ask questions,
there is int flag, group, that is turned to 1
when 3 elves are waiting to get their question
answered. Once this flag is set to 1, the elves
are able to signal, wakeUp, to Santa to trigger
the event where he answers their questions. Once,
Santa answers the questions, count for the number
of elves is decremented until it hits zero. This
signals an event to the other elves waiting so
that they can build another group.

Question 2:
-No elves are allowed to leave until Santa 
answers their questions because there is a int
flag, answered, that is set to 1 by Santa when
he answers the questions. This flag is checked
by the elves in an if statement and if it the 
flag is set to 0, the elves have to wait until
Santa triggers the answers event three times,
one for each elf. This is the only time the int
flag is changed to 1. 

Question 3:
-To make sure only 3 elves are waiting for an
answers and no other elves can cut in, there is
a condition variable, releaseElves. This triggers
the event for the elves that the group has gone
back to work and it will allow elves that were
waiting before that group to make another group.
As stated in Question 1, if the int flag, group,
is set to 1 then the elves will wait for event
releaseElves and that will only get released
when the elves have their questions answered.

Question 4:
-To guarantee that Santa only answers questions
while he is not sleeping, Santa waits for an 
event called wakeUp to be triggered by either
the reindeer or the elves. Therefore, the elves
make sure to signal this event before they ask
the questions to wake him up. 

Question 5:
-To make sure that Santa is only awakened by
the last reindeer, there is a counter inside
the ReindeerBack procedure where it is incremented
by 1. Once this counter is equal to the number
of total reindeer then the int flag, lastReindeer,
is switched to 1 so when that reindeer is in the
ReindeerBack procedure it is the reindeer that
sends the signal wakeUp to trigger the event
where Santa wakes up.  

Question 6:
-To guarantee that Santa makes the reindeer and
toy delivery a priority, the Santa thread first
checks to see if the last reindeer has come back
if he is awake. When Santa is alseep, the first 
if statement he checks is if all of the reindeer 
have come back. Only after these checks, does 
Santa deal with the elves. 

Question 7:
-To make sure that none of the reindeer sneak off
while Santa is attaching them to the sleigh, there
is a condition variable, releaseReindeer, that the
reindeer wait to be signaled in the FlyOff procedure.
This releaseReindeer event is signaled only when the
last reindeer is detached from the sleigh. And so, 
the reindeer are locked into, or waiting, until
they have completed the trip. 

Question 8:
-To guarantee that while Santa is attaching the 
reindeer to the sleigh and delivering toys, the
elves cannot ask him any questions there is a 
condition variable, eBusy, that the elves wait to
have triggered. This condition variable is signaled
only once Santa has gone back to sleep and is in 
the Sleep procedure which is after the delivery 
is completely finished and all the reindeer
have been detached from the sleigh. 
